gh-135528: Support more Second-Level Domain Names in lib http.cookiejar (#135529)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-06-15-03-38-13.gh-issue-135528.XssMeM.rst

> :mod:`http.cookiejar`: supporting more Country-code second-level domains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`http.cookiejar`: add "tv", "or", "nom", "sch", and "web"
to the list of supported country code second-level domains.
```
